PSMDB-1779 Release notes 8.0.12-4 (#1051)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/release_notes/8.0.12-4.md

It also includes the fix for security vulnerability [CVE-2025-6714](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-6714) reported in [SERVER-106753](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-106753).  

Percona Server for MongoDB {{ page.meta.version }} supports protocols and drivers of MongoDB Community 8.0.9 through 8.0.12.

## Release Highlights

This release provides the following features and improvements:

### Boost performance during cluster restore and scaling with file copy-based initial sync

You can now select how a newly added or a restored replica set member synchronizes the data from other members - via logical or file copy-based initial sync. File copy-based initial sync copies physical files from the source node. This sync method is faster than the logical one and it reduces your maintenance time on scaling your cluster.

> ![image](../_images/fcbis.png)

Reviewer: @nastena1606  that's a good hint :)

* [SERVER-97368](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-97368) - Enabled TTL deletes on time-series collections containing data prior to 1970
* [SERVER-99342](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-99342) - Fixed the issue with internal metrics for throughput decreases not being correctly recorded. This issue caused inaccurate reporting of throughput changes

Find the full list of changes in the release notes for:

* [MongoDB 8.0.9 Community Edition](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/release-notes/8.0/#8.0.9---may-1--2025), 
* [MongoDB 8.0.10 Community Edition](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/release-notes/8.0/#8.0.10---jun-04--2025), 
* [MongoDB 8.0.11 Community Edition](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/release-notes/8.0/#8.0.11---jun-30--2025), 
* [MongoDB 8.0.12 Community Edition](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/release-notes/8.0/#8.0.12---july-23--2025). 

## Changelog

### New Features

* [PSMDB-1284](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PSMDB-1284) - Add the ability to perform file copy-based initial sync
* [PSMDB-1438](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PSMDB-1438) - Add the ability to authenticate users using OpenID Connect (OIDC)

### Improvements

> * [PSMDB-1619](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PSMDB-1619) -  Make log rotation behavior compatible with MongoDB by renaming existing log file to a name with a timestamp and start a new one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PSMDB-1619](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PSMDB-1619) - Make log rotation behavior compatible with MongoDB Community and MongoDB Enterprise Advanced by renaming existing log file to a name with a timestamp and starting a new one
```
